= Clinical Survey Feedback Tool

The Clinical Survey Feedback Tool is a web-application designed to assist small clinics with data-gathering and analysis.  It is designed to provide clinicians with constant patient feedback be allowing them to create, collect, and analyze exit interviews for patients.

== Why Collect Feedback from Patients?

A typical visit to a clinic involves a number of interactions between the patient, clinicians and staff.  A patient has to schedule an appointment, find the office, arrive and wait to be seen.  During their visit with a clinician, they are asked to describe current symptoms, prior diagnoses, family history.  They are asked to take tests at the clinic, or schedule new appointments.

The patient's description of their symptoms, test results, and schedule are typically recorded in a paper-based charting or EMR systems.  But their interactions and how they feel about their experience at the clinic, why they chose the clinic, whether they plan on coming back and what could be done to improve the experience, are not.

Using the Clinic Survey Tool, clinicians and/or staff can:

* Create and manage customized surveys
* Administer the surveys to patients, recording their feedback
* View detailed analysis of the results, either through the application or by importing into a spreadsheet application like Open Office or Excel

Clinicians can then apply what they learn from the analysis of the software to improving patient experiences, and therefore patient outcomes.  Ideally this would be a long-running, continual process.

== This is Alpha Software

Please note that this software is an alpha prototype, some functionality may not be functional.  See technical notes below for details.

== Technical Notes

* An HTML5 compatible browser is required to use audio tags
* While core functionality is tested via Cucumber and targeted Rspec code, some features like Highchart graphs are not properly tested
* User authentication for survey management is not currently implemented
* Moving to beta or production will require significant re-architecting and DRYing/refactoring cycle (Heckle and Flog would be a good place to start)

== License

Copyright Justin Tyler Wiley, 2010
Licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 3
link:http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
